Machine Learning tutorial covers basic and advanced concepts, specially designed to cater to both students and experienced working professionals.

This machine learning tutorial helps you gain a solid introduction to the fundamentals of machine learning and explore a wide range of techniques, including supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning.

Machine learning (ML) is a subdomain of artificial intelligence (AI) that focuses on developing systems that learn—or improve performance—based on the data they ingest. Artificial intelligence is a broad word that refers to systems or machines that resemble human intelligence. Machine learning and AI are frequently discussed together, and the terms are occasionally used interchangeably, although they do not signify the same thing. A crucial distinction is that, while all machine learning is AI, not all AI is machine learning.


What is Machine Learning?
Machine Learning is the field of study that gives computers the capability to learn without being explicitly programmed. ML is one of the most exciting technologies that one would have ever come across. As it is evident from the name, it gives the computer that makes it more similar to humans: The ability to learn. Machine learning is actively being used today, perhaps in many more places than one would expect.

Recent Articles on Machine Learning
 
Introduction
Data and it’s Processing
Supervised Learning
Unsupervised Learning
Reinforcement Learning
 
Dimensionality Reduction
Natural Language Processing
Neural Networks
ML – Deployment
ML – Applications
Miscellaneous
 


Features of Machine learning
Machine learning is data driven technology. Large amount of data generated by organizations on daily bases. So, by notable relationships in data, organizations makes better decisions.
Machine can learn itself from past data and automatically improve.
From the given dataset it detects various patterns on data.
For the big organizations branding is important and it will become more easy to target relatable customer base.
It is similar to data mining because it is also deals with the huge amount of data.